1/13 Release notes and doc changes (#293)
astronomer/docs: cloud/configure-deployment.md

### Worker Resources

Task execution on Astronomer Cloud is powered by [Airflow's Celery Executor](https://airflow.apache.org/docs/apache-airflow/stable/executor/celery.html) with [KEDA](https://www.astronomer.io/blog/the-keda-autoscaler), which enables a Deployment's worker count to auto-scale between 1 and 10 depending on real-time workload.

All Celery workers assume the same resources. If you set **Worker Resources** to 10 AU, for example, your Deployment might scale up to 3 workers using 10 AU each for a total of 30 AU (3 CPU, 11.25 GB Memory). By default, the minimum AU allocated towards workers is 10.

The ability to set minimum and/or maximum number of workers is coming soon.

:::info Worker Autoscaling Logic

While the **Worker Resources** setting affects the amount of computing power allocated to each worker, the number of workers running on your Deployment is based solely on the number of tasks in a queued or running state.

> The maximum number of tasks that a worker can execute at once is 16. If there are more than 16 tasks queued or running at once, then a new worker is spun up to execute the additional tasks. In general, the number of workers running for a Deployment at any given time can be calculated with the following expression:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defined in Airflow as Worker Concurrency, the maximum number of tasks that a single worker can execute at once is 16. This is currently a system-wide setting on Astronomer Cloud that cannot be changed. As soon as there are more than 16 tasks queued or running at any given time, one or more new workers is spun up to execute the additional tasks. The number of workers running on a Deployment at any given time is calculated by the following expression:
```

> 
> `[Number of Workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/16`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

`[Number of Workers]= ([Queued tasks]+[Running tasks])/16`

This calculation is computed by KEDA every 10 seconds. For more information on how workers are affected by changes to a Deployment, read [What Happens During a Code Deploy](deploy-code.md#what-happens-during-a-code-deploy).
```
